1.SpringMVC 执行流程？
1）DispatcherServlet 捕获用户请求
2）根据url，利用HandlerMapping找到Handler
3）执行Handler，返回ModeAndView
4）DispatcherServlet根据返回的ModeAndView,选择合适的ViewResolver
5）渲染

2.Spring是什么？
  是JEE应用程序框架，是轻量级的IOC和AOP的容器框架，主要是对JavaBean的生命周期管理的轻量级框架，能和其他框架(struts,ibatis)一起使用，也能单独使用
1）IOC(Inversion of control)或者DI(dependency injection)
  eg: my service need dao, the service need to create dao? but IOC, 
      spring container will create the dao, and inject it into service
  container + reflection + configrure file
2）AOP
  eg: implement the logic before, after, throw-after, around the method execution with automatic proxy. 
  such, logs, cache, transaction .
  
3.事务的传播特性(propagation)
1）propagation_required: if there is a transaction, then use existing one, otherwise create a new one.
2）propagation_supports: if there is a transaction, then execute with transaction, otherwise execute without transaction.
3）propagation_mondatory: if there is not a transaction, throw an exception.
4）propagation_requires_new: always create a new transaction
5）propagation_not_supported: always execute without transaction, suspend the exsiting transaction
6）propagation_never: always execute without transaction, throw an exception if there is a transaction
7）propagation_nested: different the propagation_requires_new, if parent transaction commit/rollback, 
   the transaction will commit/rollback. by the way, the transaction will rollback to savepoint if it is fail.
   the sub-transaction rollbackk will not impact the commit of parent transaction.

4.Spring事务的隔离级别
1）isolation_default: execute with database transaction isolation
2）isolation_read_uncommitted: other transaction can see the uncommitted data in current transaction.
3）isolation_read_committed: another transaction can read the commtted data in current transaction.
4）isolation_repeatable_read: read same data for same query in same transaction.
5）isolation_serializable: avoid all

dirty reads: get uncommitted data of another     transaction
Non-repeatable reads: same tranaction same query, get different data
Phantom reads: one transaction update all records in one table, another transaction insert a new row, 
               the the first transaction will find one record is not updated
               
               
5.事务特性（4种）
1）all of statement always success or fail
2）a transaction can bring the data from one valid state to another
3）one executing transaction cannot be impacted by other transaction
4）once transaction committed, the data is persisted into database


